DOCSP-41772-export-schema (#731)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/includes/schema-export-format-expanded.rst

> Expanded format schema objects contain the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expanded format schema objects contain these fields in addition to the Standard Schema fields:
```

Reviewer: And then we can remove the ``type`` field below.

Author: Updated.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 35 25 40
 
   * - Property
     - Data type
     - Description

   * - ``type``
     - string
     - Data type of the field.

   * - ``x-bsonType``
     - string or array
     - |bson| type of this field.

   * - ``x-metadata``
     - document
     - Document containing metadata about the field.

>    * - ``hasDuplicates``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - ``x-metadata.hasDuplicates``
```

Author: Updated.

     - boolean
     - ``true`` if a single value appears multiple times in this
       field. Otherwise ``false``.

>    * - ``probability``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - ``x-metadata.probability``
```

Author: Updated.

     - float
     - Probability that the field exists in a random document.

>    * - ``count``

Author: Updated.

>      - Probability that the value of the corresponding field is this 
>        data type in a random document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Probability that the field exists in a random document.
```

   * - ``x-metadata.count``
     - integer

>      -  Number of documents sampled from the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     -  Number of documents from the sample that have this field
```

Reviewer: These descriptions fit better the level of a field type. This could still exist for mixed types, but on the field level this description fits better.
